hello everyone welcome back to day 3 of
this tournament sc2 cast coms first
Invitational and this is your host shiki
SC and welcome back once again to group
a day three Game two between the blue
zerg spawning at the six o'clock
position here on metal opolis mtw
damajah and his opponent is going to be
the red zurich spotting at the three
o'clock position here on metal opolis is
Omar and yeah Adam Agha is up one game
to nothing right now and I'm getting a
little bit of lag so hold on alright
hopefully that fixes that but yeah
tomorrow is up one game to nothing on
scrap station he did take the game with
some zergling play he did get a baneling
nest up Omar started to convert some of
his zerglings into banelings but he was
caught off guard in a bad position and
tomorrow was able to capitalize on that
and take the game so we'll have to see
who extractor trick coming down here for
Omar actually not many Zerg players are
doing that now most surg tires are
choosing to get their Overlord on nine
and then get the drone the tenth drone
and then 12 and 13 or sorry 11th and
12th drone after that but Omar here just
now getting his Overlord up it looks
like he's going to have quite a bit of
extra minerals and maybe that means he's
going to be putting up an early pool
hard to say de ma gah on the other hand
is just continually pumping drones no
spawning pool or hatchery yet so I'm not
really sure who's ahead at this point
really really tough to say Omar is
putting up his gas even before he's got
a spawning pool or hatchery so that is
very reminiscent of some early baneling
or early zergling with metabolic boost
play de magas drone is still in the base
he is going to get to see the spawning
pool that's probably going to make
tomorrow want to put down in a hatchery
and he is once again the player that can
wait the longest and kind of react to
the other Zerg player tends to come out
on top John just for the fact that
they're going to have a better economy
if we look at the income yet we've got
16 to 13 harvesters and because Omar's
already getting get gas that means his
minerals are almost well as mineral
income is almost half of what DiMaggio's
is and looks like de magas natural
expansion is coming
and not even close to being done of
course but his spawning pool is up as
well little more leg a me see if I can
fix that all right hopefully that fixes
it still need to defrag my computer with
all these deleting and creating games
it's getting pretty ridiculous and still
no it seems to have cleared up hmm I
don't know probably just needs a defrag
but I will do that tonight and Omar
already getting a baneling nest up so
he's looking to be doing some early
early bathing play again and if he times
it right he could destroy a lot of
DiMaggio's workers so that is kind of
what I'm guessing he's going to apply
and be planning on doing the spawning
pool did just finish there's a queen in
six servings in production Omar
zerglings are already about to pop out
and he does have enough supply for that
he got his Overlord up quite a bit
earlier de magas in the same position
but his natural expansion is about to
pop and his zerglings are just about to
come out as well so he should be able to
defend against this unless to omars
unless Omar's baneling nests can finish
right away and converts them almost
instantly he should be in a good
position although marga is clearly in a
better position economically but the
baneling nest is finished and will we
see some baileys being morphed I'm
guessing they will be morphed up here on
the high ground and yeah we've got five
banelings being morphed in two more
zerglings are yes transforming or
morphing into banelings as well so this
could be very very troublesome for
dhamaka if he's caught off guard there
are two spine crawlers coming up and
there is a queen blocking the ramp with
six circlings here one is going out to
scout now and he's gonna see all these
banelings gonna get a few food that is
not good for Omar he needs to watch that
baneling micro and to blow up on a queen
here
that's that's a bad decision split up
two of the banelings I'm going to go
back to that just see what he did wrong
and microwave and slow that down so blue
one bailing on the Queen's one got
killed and then two on the spine
crawlers each that is not what you want
to do you don't want to attack you these
spine crawlers with your banelings that
is virtually a throwing away the
minerals and gas and the supply you want
to use them on the banelings on
zerglings or drones I guess he couldn't
get up into the main base he probably
should have just taken out as many
zerglings as he can and then retreated
with those banelings because the gains
of spraying caught the spine crawlers
they're just absolutely worthless it
takes five or so banelings to kill this
one spine crawler but one spine crawler
only costs 150 minerals so that is not
very effective at all and yeah so drone
150 minerals / spine crawler demarco
putting up a third one and a fourth one
in his base just to develop a little
more defense Omar is now putting up his
natural expansion sorry is hatchery at
his natural expansion and really not
researching anything just continually
pumping out lava and zerglings and it
looks like he's a little bit in a little
bit of trouble yes the marketed have the
better certainly account and I believe
he does get a better line and a little
bit better micromanaging with his
Earthlings and he's going to come out
drastically ahead so he was only up in
one's early and now he's up almost 6 47
and they are going to get in if they get
to kill this Queen he's gonna be in big
big trouble but the drones do surround
the zerglings and help that Queen out in
defending and they fight that off so
units lost tab were fairly even right
now although i would put de maaga fairly
further ahead just for the fact that
he's got his roach warren up on the
order coming up on the way and he's got
both bases are saturated looking at the
income tab he is almost well almost
double the harvesters right now and all
Mars slowly starting to catch up but
it's not going to be quite enough Omar
knows he's got to do some kind of damage
he needs to morph these into banelings
and take out a bunch of these drones
come around the back get a few potshots
and destroy some but if he doesn't cause
any economic
damage is going to fall too far behind
and probably died to a roach push roach
push does look very very effective here
for Jamaica now LaRoche warns done he's
got seven roaches on the way and they
are being rallied up to the front of his
base likely to move on in on to omars
base starting to transfer some drones
now but if we look back at the income
tabby still 10 workers behind he's just
getting his roach warrant up now and
don't even think oh he does have a
second Queen so his larvae production is
going to be okay and he's putting up
well that's only his second extractor so
I would have thought that was in the
main base but splitting up his gas
production there's a few zerglings with
speed here for Omar but they do spot all
of these roaches moving in on his base
this impending push is probably going to
be just too much for Omar to handle he's
trying to put up a spine crawler but
that's going to be a little too late and
not quite enough even if it was up seven
roaches engaged to Queens and a few
gurgling zahl there's been a few more
days are going now but de magas got some
great positioning on his roaches
plumping up as brooches in a few groups
allows these Earthlings to not get us
around on the roaches and he kept all of
the ropes that he brought actually there
is nine of them now so Omar does Gigi
dhamaka takes the game and the series 2
games to nothing so just a couple short
casts for you today but we do have a
very very busy week ahead planned for
you guys so stay tuned for day 4 5 6 of
group a and B and thanks for tuning in
take care of see you next time